# Darknode Overview
Welcome to the definitive source of information on Republic Protocol Darknodes.

## Sections

### 0. Overview
#### 0.1. [Introduction](#01-introduction-1)
#### 0.2. [FAQ](#02-faq-1)
#### 0.3. [Reference Links](#03-reference-links-1)


### Apply
#### 1.0. Applying to be a Darknode Operator
#### 1.1. Adding the Republic Protocol Bot
#### 1.2. The application
#### 1.3. The approval process


### 2. Install
#### 2.0. Installing and deploying a Darknode
#### 2.1. Receiving Kovan Testnet Tokens 
#### 2.2. Setting up Amazon Web Servers (AWS)
#### 2.3. Downloading and installing the Darknode CLI
#### 2.4. Deploy a Darknode
#### 2.5. Depositing ETH to operate Darknode
#### 2.6. Registering a Darknode


### 3. Operate
#### 3.0. Monitoring and maintaining a Darknode
#### 3.1. List all Darknodes on the network
#### 3.2. Starting a Darknode
#### 3.3. Stopping a Darknode
#### 3.4. Updating a Darknode
#### 3.5. SSH into a Darknode
#### 3.6. Withdrawing funds from a Darknode
#### 3.7. Deploying multiple Darknodes


### 4. Destroy
#### 4.0. Deregistering a Darknode and providing feedback
#### 4.1. Destroying a Darknode
#### 4.2. Withdrawing REN from a Darknode
#### 4.3. Providing feedback


## 0.1. Introduction
Darknodes are essential to Republic Protocol’s dark pool operation. They provide functionality to facilitate the order book, order matching engine and trade settlement.

Darknodes match orders within Republic Protocol. Requirement for running a darknode is 100,000 REN tokens staked as collateral and a fast, stable Internet connection. It is not computationally expensive to run a node. Darknodes earn fees from the orders that they match and settle. Maximum number of nodes in the protocol is expected to be less than 4,000 (not finalized). Users who provide liquidity are able to run additional darknodes because they are economically aligned with the network. This ruleset is hardcoded into the protocol. Fees can be earned in ETH and arbitrary ERC20 tokens.


## 0.2. FAQ
#### What are the requirements for running a Darknode?
100,000 REN tokens for staking as collateral.
A consistent internet connection . We recommend  using a setup with similar specifications as a T2.Small on AWS or higher — If you are unfamiliar with using cloud providers, the team will step you through the entire setup process.


#### Where can I get Kovan Testnet REN from?


#### Where can I get Kovan Testnet ETH from?
If you do not have Kovan ETH, [obtain some via a public faucet](https://gitter.im/kovan-testnet/faucet).


#### How many Darknodes can there be in operation?
There can be a maximum of 10,000 Darknodes in operation.


#### How have the incentives been designed? 
<need more info on this>


#### Can I reserve a position as a Darknode Operator on the Mainnet (when it is launched in Q3)? 
No, This is a voluntary activity and we really appreciate active operators that are helpful in identifying issues, providing feedback and maintaining the uptime of their Darknodes.


#### Do I require Mainnet REN tokens to run a Testnet Darknode?
No, In an effort to preserve privacy, we will not be requiring users to hold mainnet REN to join the testnet.


#### When will the Mainnet be launched?
The mainnet will be launched in Q3, 2018. The team is on track and your feedback will help us in achieving this. 


#### Where do I report a bug or request help?
If you’ve found a bug, head to ..
To request help from our team, head to the Telegram..



More questions? Join our [Telegram](https://t.me/republicprotocol) or browse the Reference Links below. 

## 0.3. Reference Links
##### Republic Protocol links
Website: https://republicprotocol.com
Telegram: https://t.me/republicprotocol
Announcements: https://t.me/republicprotocolannouncements
Twitter: https://twitter.com/republicorg
Reddit: https://www.reddit.com/r/republicprotocol
Medium: https://medium.com/republicprotocol

##### Articles
Invitation to test Darknodes - Medium
Introduction to Darknodes - Medium

---
To get started by Applying to be a Darknode operator, head to Section 1: Apply. 
