# Apply
#### [1.0. Applying to be a Darknode Operator](#10-applying-to-be-a-darknode-operator-1)
#### [1.1. Adding the Republic Protocol Bot](#110-adding-the-republic-protocol-bot)
#### [1.2. The application](#120-the-application)
#### [1.3. The approval process](#130-the-approval-process)


## 1.0. Applying to be a Darknode Operator
This section explains how to apply to be a Darknode Operator. Anyone can apply via the Republic Protocol Bot on Telegram and applications are managed by our team.  

Read on to find out how to apply. 



## 1.1.0. Adding the Republic Protocol Bot
1.1.1. Search for the Republic Protocol Bot on Telegram. You can download Telegram here.


## 1.2.0. The application
1.2.1. Initiate a conversation with the bot by pressing Start. 


1.2.2. You’ll be greeted by the Bot with the following: 
Welcome back, <username>!
This is the official application bot for Republic Protocol's Federation Zero Darknodes. The application process consists of 6 questions to help us customize the Darknode experience for our community. Applications are not guaranteed to be approved. Only your latest submission will be stored.


1.2.3. Answer the six questions. They are:
1. What is your country of residence? (optional: enter N/A to skip)
2. Are you familiar with using the command-line to run software? (e.g. Linux terminal)
3. Do you have experience running a blockchain node?
4. Have you used a Cloud Provider? (e.g. AWS/Digital Ocean)
5. Why do you want to run a Darknode on Federation Zero Testnet?
6. How many Darknodes do you wish to run for Mainnet?

1.2.4. Wait for your application to be approved by our team.


## 1.3.0. The approval process.
We’re currently experiencing a high number of applications, so it might take some time. 

To check the application status, type /start to the Republic Protocol Bot. You can also view your application by typing /view. 

When your application is approved, the Republic Protocol Bot will send you instructions with what to do next. 

Once approved, to install and deploy your Darknode, head to section 2: Installation. 


---
Once approved, to Install and Deploy your Darknode, head to [Section 2: Install.](bear://x-callback-url/open-note?id=3969563F-2BE8-41BF-BB96-6C70D82138E1-12887-000056A75FF45FBD)


